.. _Developer_Guide:

############################
DREAM Common Developer Guide
############################

The communication between the Rubin Observatory and DREAM software is written in Python.

.. _API:

DREAM Common API
================

The content in this section is autogenerated from docstrings.

.. The code below should insert the docstrings from the code.

.. automodapi:: lsst.ts.dream.common
    :no-main-docstr:
    :no-inheritance-diagram:


.. _Build:

Build and Test
==============

Assuming that the ``develop-env`` docker container is running.

.. prompt:: bash

    cd develop/ts_dream_common
    setup -kr .
    scons

An alternative

.. prompt:: bash

    cd develop/ts_dream_common
    pip install -e .[dev]
    pre-commit install # install black hook
    pytest --cov lsst.ts.dream.common -ra





.. _Usage:

Usage
=====

[Description on how to use ths software, scripts, any useful programs etc. Basic operations such as startup/shutdown should be explained, ideally with example code/steps]

.. _Simulator:

Simulator
=========

[Information regarding the simulator, including how to run, restrictions, differences from real operation etc should be described here]


.. _Documentation:

Building the Documentation
==========================

[This section is to walk the developer through building the documentation. This should be a step-by-step process as it will most likely be used by non-developers as well who wish to edit the docs]

.. _Contributing:

Contributing
============

Code and documentation contributions utilize pull-requests on github.
Feature requests can be made by filing a Jira ticket with the `ts_dream_common` label.
In all cases, reaching out to the :ref:`contacts for this CSC <ts_xml:index:master-csc-table:ts_dream_common>` is recommended.

